add section "Call recording" for Talk user documentation (#11326)
nextcloud/documentation: user_manual/talk/advanced_features.rst

.. image:: images/talk-breakout-rooms-sidebar-item.png

Call recording
--------------

> Recording feature provides users an opportunity to:

Reviewer: should mention that it requires to be set up by administration

- Start and stop recordings during call.
- Record video and audio stream of speaker, as well as screen share.
- Access, share and download recorded files for future reference or distribution.

> Manage a recording
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manage a recording
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

> The moderator of the conversation can start a recording together with a call start or anytime during it. To enable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The moderator of the conversation can start a recording together with a call start or anytime during a call:
```

> - **Before the call**: tick a checkbox "Start recording immediately with the call" in Media settings, then click on "Start call".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Before the call**: tick the checkbox "Start recording immediately with the call" in "Media settings", then click on "Start call".
```

- **During the call**: click on the top-bar menu, then click "Start recording".

.. image:: images/start-recording-before-call.png
.. image:: images/start-recording-in-call.png

> The recording will start shortly, and you will see a red indicator next to the call time. By clicking on it, you can stop the recording any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recording will start shortly, and you will see a red indicator next to the call time. When clicking on it, you can see an option to stop the recording any time, otherwise it ends automatically when the call ends.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The recording will start shortly, and you will see a red indicator next to the call time. To Stop Recording, click on the red indicator during the call to view recording options then select "Stop recording" to end recording.
If you do not manually stop the recording, it will end automatically when the call is completed.
```

.. image:: images/stop-recording.png

> After stopping a recording, the server will take some time to prepare and save a recorded file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After stopping a recording, the server will take some time to prepare and save the recorded file.
```

> Moderator, who started the recording, should receive a notification about status of the file. From there it can be shared then to the conversation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The moderator, who started the recording, receives a notification when the recording is uploaded. From there it can be shared into the chat.
```

.. image:: images/shared-recordings.png

> Recording consent
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recording consent
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

> For compliance reasons with various privacy rights it is possible to ask participants for a consent to be recorded before joining the call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For compliance reasons with various privacy rights it is possible to ask participants for consent to be recorded before joining the call.
```

Reviewer 2: add a comma after this `For compliance reasons with various privacy rights,`

> System administrator can force it for all conversations, or keep it configurable by moderators. Then moderator can see this option in Conversation settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
System administration can force this for all conversations, or keep it configurable on a conversation level by moderators. Then moderator see the following option in the conversation settings:
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
System administrators can enable mandatory call recording consent for all conversations system-wide. Alternatively, recording can be left configurable for conversation moderators to control.
If recording is moderator-configurable, moderators will see a "Recording consent" toggle switch under "Moderation" section in Conversation Settings with the following option:
```

.. image:: images/enable-recording-consent.png

> When recording consent is enabled, every participant, including moderators, will see a pop-up window and has to give a consent before joining a call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When recording consent is enabled, every participant, including moderators, will see a pop-up window and has to give consent before joining a call.
```

Reviewer 2: isn't that Media Settings ? Why is it referred to as a unknown pop-up window?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If call recording consent is enabled, all participants, including moderators, will see a highlighted section in Media Settings when joining a call. 

The highlighted section will inform participants that the call may be recorded. To join the call, each participant must check the box to give explicit consent for recording. If a participant does not consent, they will not be allowed to join calls that involve recording.
```

- **During the call**: click on the top-bar menu, then click "Start recording".

.. image:: images/start-recording-before-call.png
.. image:: images/start-recording-in-call.png

The recording will start shortly, and you will see a red indicator next to the call time. You can stop the recording at any time while the call is still ongoing by clicking on that indicator and selecting "Stop recording", or by using the same action in the top-bar menu. If you do not manually stop the recording, it will end automatically when the call ends.

.. image:: images/stop-recording.png

After stopping a recording, the server will take some time to prepare and save the recorded file. The moderator, who started the recording, receives a notification when the file is uploaded. From there, it can be shared in the chat.

.. image:: images/share-recording-notification.png
.. image:: images/shared-recordings.png

Recording consent
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For compliance reasons with various privacy rights, it is possible to ask participants for consent to be recorded before joining the call.

> The system administration can enable mandatory consent for all conversations system-wide or allow moderators to configure this option on a conversation level. If your system is set up accordingly, moderators can access the following option in the conversation settings:

Reviewer 2: Specify which set up you are referring to in the second sentence, like :  
`If your system setup of recording consent is moderator-configurable, moderators can access the following option in the conversation settings:`

Recording consent
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> For compliance reasons with various privacy rights, it is possible to ask participants for consent to be recorded before joining the call. The system administration has the flexibility to utilize this feature in several ways:

Reviewer 2: Maybe also add a screenshot form the administration settings :) ?

Author: It is a user manual, so no
